So instead of an early stem, though, we're just going to do an end of the day meeting.
So let's first start with Mara.
What did you do today?
There.
Today I mainly worked on my work and learning log as well as the proxy retake and I tried to finish the accident criteria of I look three and the other one.
I think it was Idle 2, I'm not sure.
The the one with the like.
I think I-25 or not?
Yeah, yeah, yeah, I know 5.
Or the yeah.
OK.
And are you done with that or just trying to finish it?
I think I'm basically finished with Idle 5.
OK.
I can send it to you guys later today and then you just have to, I guess add it to your learning log and I refer to it and the ILOG.
That's.
Can you edit that in the joint?
Uh.
PowerPoint that Michael made, I think.
Yeah, yeah.
The ILO PowerPoint? Yeah.
Yeah, yeah, of course.
Would also do you need any help with the retake from Block C or is it coming along well?
Ohh so far it's fine.
I just need to start on the prototype and evidence everything really well.
OK.
And yeah, that's it.
Thank you.
Umm.
Any problems specifically for Block D or?
No, I I think everything's fine with buddy.
Oh, thank God.
I just need to evidence.
OK.
And then Max, what did you see the, what did you do today?
I am filled in their learning lock filled in the work log.
There.
Am I did everything from 3 months.
I relocated files.
Yeah, I saw that.
That's good.
Yeah.
Uh, I put off all the files in the deliverables folder, the Python files and the ethics files as well.
OK.
Both the Python file and the PDF files, UM, those that I do.
Uh.
Think that's it? Yeah.
OK.
I mean, that's already sounds like a lot.
So that's good.
And any problems?
Uhm, no, I still have to look into how to evidence some stuff.
There.
Yeah, we can talk about that tomorrow.
But yeah, I'm gonna do that tomorrow.
Yeah.
Yes.
OK.
Oh, and I have to.
That's yeah.
OK.
Uh to edit my smart goals because Trump said you have to and put a goal for each letter of the of the of the word smarter.
And I haven't done that yet.
Right.
Yeah. OK.
Yeah, true.
Also, don't forget to like have at least one technical goal and one personal OK.
Yeah, OK.
Uh.
Then As for me, I also filled in my work log and learning log and all that stuff, and I also worked on the road map so that it contains all the cards from the Sprint planning.
I think it looks pretty OK, but if you guys have any comments or things you want to change, just tell me and I will.
Yeah, for now.
The road map looks the same as the Sprint planning.
Yeah, but it's kind of the yeah.
Do you wanna like weekly or?
It's probably best if you put it in weekly.
OK.
Because then I will have to remember what was when.
We could help you with that.
And when you can, yeah.
OK.
Because for now it just, yeah.
Because now it now it looks like exactly the same.
That's the.
That's just what I mean by it.
Yeah, because I did put it into the tab.
It belongs to and then in the order.
We kind of did it.
So yeah, you start with the data collecting and then we kind of did legal and effects mostly the model.
Uh-huh.
And then we're still basically streamlined, but I will try to do it weekly if that's better.
OK.
Uh, yeah, that's it.
Today I didn't run into any problems and I wanted to uh, yeah.
Meet tomorrow for basically everything.
Just putting it together, checking each other's ilos, see if everything's OK with evidencing streamlet.
That kind of stuff.
Yeah.
Alright.
When do you guys wanna meet? Tomorrow?
Like what time?
I'll probably be there at 10, but you guys can join whenever.
All right.
Yeah.
But, but it's also best because we need to work on that presentation that we do it face to face so that everyone comes to school.
Yeah, tennis fine by me.
Yeah, definitely best.
So what time is is or a suit you guys best.
So Marva has to drive a long way, so probably best there.
No, I'll be staying in Breda tonight.
So tennis fine.
OK, cool.
OK.
I'm fine with that.
Yeah.
And I think As for Wednesday, we can decide tomorrow who will present with who.
It doesn't really matter.
Yeah.
OK, that's cool. Yep.
Yep.
Hey.
OK, the uh, you guys can keep working or not, but we'll at least meet tomorrow for finishing everything.
I'm at home watching Netflix so.
Ohh mood, what series are you watching?
Or are you watching a movie?
What I'm watching the blacklist.
Oh, nice.
Yeah, that's a good one.
Yeah, it's my favorite series.
Yeah, it's really good with choosing.
Uh, I mean, I've already watched it.
Uh.
Or watch the entire season like three times already.
Umm.
Account.
But now I'm rewatching it, and I'm at season nine now because season 10 is still unavailable for me to watch anywhere.
Alright, ohh have fun.
That's fine.
Umm OK yes.
Thank you.
Alright as well.
Yes.
See you tomorrow, guys.
Adios.
See you guys. Bye.
OK.
Bye bye.